First offense: betraying familial bonds.
You have ruined familial love.
Your Imperial Brother and Mother have always cared for you.
Yet you, even a crow knows how to show gratitude.
Are you even worse than a beast?
Second offense:
Conspiring to harm the Emperor.
The sudden death of an Emperor
would cause turmoil in the country.
Enemies would invade,
leading to the downfall of the Great Liang.
You would be a traitor through the ages.
Third offense:
Against the people.
You orchestrated the plague in the south,
causing the deaths and destruction of thousands of families.
Even if you died a thousand or ten thousand times,
it would not make up for the lives of those thousands.
You used any means to achieve your goal,
collaborating with Duke Duan to harm your own brother.
Ignoring the lives of the people,
with no compassion.
You are unworthy of being an emperor.
You are unworthy of being a member of the Great Liang royal family.
You don’t even compare to a single finger of your Imperial Brother.
I’m sorry.
I was wrong. I am a sinner of the Great Liang.
I have harmed the country and its people.
How could I be innocent?
I protect the carriage. No, please no!
No, please no!
Imperial Brother, I am ashamed before the people.
I was misled.
I am guilty.
I am guilty towards the Great Liang.
Sinner Rui,
requests to be exiled to the border,
until death in battle.
Just to atone for the crimes committed.
Your Majesty,
Grant it.